Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
H-Hey!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Guts!
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Together
It's up to you whether
you want to follow me or not.
Now you've learned what it
means to fight, haven't you?
Hey.
Where am I?
You are in a cave by the river.
Luckily, we fell into
the river and survived.
A river?
Come on, don't you
remember anything?
We were about to die from drowning,
but you don't seem too worried about that!
Dammit!
Don't get up yet, your fever
hasn't completely gone down.
You can't blame me, you were
freezing and completely drenched.
What are you looking at?
That hurt, what's the meaning of this?
I'm the one who saved your life!
Shit, stop it!
Oh, lay off!
Enough of this crap!
You're hysterical!
I didn't mean to go out
of my way for you, but...
Even though you were covered in armor,
I desperately dragged you from the river!
After that, you haven't thanked me.
How dare you throw a knife at me?
I'd beat you and dislocate
your jaw if you weren't a woman!
I do not like it, a mere woman
such as you, acting like a knight.
You're easily driven into a frenzy.
That's why a woman
like you isn't cut out for war.
Hey...
Not my choice...
I was not...
I was not born to
be a woman by choice!
Well, I'm sorry.
Damn you!
You crazy broad!
Why don't you try to calm down?
Hands off!
Let go...
...of me...
I told you so.
Hey, put this on.
It dried out while I was wearing it.
What?
Are you still crying?
Shut up!
Turn around now!
How pathetic...
Whatever happened to me,
I would have never asked for your help.
Great, she really hates me.
Hey, why did you enlist in
the Band of the Hawk anyway?
Isn't it tough to be a
woman in this business?
No matter the circumstances...
Well, it's not my business, I guess.
Griffith...
It's because of Griffith.
I'm from a small farming
village deep in the mountains.
The crops were meager
and the soil was sterile...
Nevertheless, we had been bled
dry by heavy taxes for the war effort.
Frequently, we would eat
nothing for three days at a time.
Many people died
of hunger each winter...
Our village was along the border, so
it often became involved in skirmishes.
Each time it happened...
We were forced to watch them trample
our houses and fields, unable to protest.
There were similar stories
from all the nearby villages.
Everyone was used to being plundered
and having their lives crushed...
And I thought it was
just a matter of course.
One day...
A nobleman was passing by our village...
...and I caught his eye.
The nobleman offered to
take me as his waiting maid.
After hesitating for a while,
my father ended up accepting his offer.
I took it for granted that my father
would give the noble his youngest daughter...
...who was not of
much help to the family.
My parents had to reduce
the number of mouths to feed.
However...
It's no wonder that it
turned out the way it did...
It couldn't be true...
...that a noble would take the trouble...
...to save a girl from a poor family
out of kindness, that would be whimsy.
There is no choice...
...this is just how things are...
Thinking like that always
convinced me to face reality.
Who do you think you are, does
being nobility make you chosen by God?
He looked divine and
the moment was unreal.
God mercifully sent an angel
to this pathetic, powerless girl.
I really believed that for a moment.
But, what the angel gave me
was not the helping hand I expected.
If you have something
to protect, take the sword!
I was frightened.
Whether I stabbed
him with the sword...
...or he accidentally impaled himself...
Whichever happened, I had killed a man.
The stranger just
nodded slowly and knowingly.
It was then I realized that he
had extended to me a true helping hand.
Griffith, we've cleared everything out.
Hey, wait...
What am I supposed to do?
Do whatever you like.
I want...
Please bring me with you!
No way, don't make jokes.
We are not just petty thieves!
We are collecting war
funds in order to raise an army!
It would be a joke if we went off to
war accompanied by kids and women!
Please, I will learn how to
wield a sword if you demand it!
So please...
Oh boy, she's serious.
What if you wind up dead?
I told you...
Do whatever you like.
It's up to you
whether to follow me or not.
Now you've learned what it
means to fight, haven't you?
But...
It's you who gave me
a sword and a blanket.
Everything has changed
since the clay I met him.
My old way of living, where I just
tolerated everything and waited...
...turned into a new life, where I
would fight to win what I wanted.
Of course, I worshipped Griffith.
I think...
...I'm still lost in a dream.
An outcast band of commoners has
become an invincible army in battle.
It's like a miracle
the way we have fought.
Above everything, our leader is a
young man who still seems so innocent.
His origin is even
common, just like ours.
A miracle!
For me, Griffith
embodied the very idea of a miracle.
While I managed to make
myself a soldier somehow...
...the Hawks became involved in a
territorial dispute led by a local nobleman.
The nobleman was well
known and very wealthy.
But he had a bad reputation
that didn't reflect his wealth...
...derived from his unsavory tastes.
Officially, he hired young
kids from villages as his valets.
In reality, the kids were imprisoned
to serve the noble's taste for pederasty.
Their eyes looked
vacant and numbly frightened.
I felt a chill go down my spine.
Fear and hatred welled up inside
me, I was totally horrified at the sight.
It reminded me that a such a
thing could have happened to me.
It was the same hand that saved me...
...that he put on my shoulder then.
Wonderfully, his hand
always stopped my shivering.
Later, after we had been
through several skirmishes...
The boy was an apprentice soldier who
had enlisted in the Hawks half a year before.
Griffith.
What's that?
The boy's belongings...
Griffith?
He must have really
wanted to be a knight.
I remember this boy well.
He always gazed at me as one
might admire the hero of a story.
I wonder if he was happy.
Was he able to die as if in a dream,
a dream that was close to being fulfilled?
I think my dream must
have murdered this boy.
Before then, I had never
seen Griffith so depressed.
A man like Griffith
let his shoulders droop.
And since that moment, Griffith
gradually began to look different.
It was a few days after we returned
from that battle, and night had fallen.
Griffith!
No way, you've got to be kidding!
A proud guy like him was...
Caska“.
It feels so nice, won't you join me?
Well, I, uh...
You think I'm disgusting?
No...
Why...
Why were you there last night?
Wait a minute, I was mistaken, right?
You were there for a war
council or something last night.
No...
What?
You weren't mistaken.
How could you, with him?
For money.
To maintain an
army costs lots of money.
Soldiers, horses, equipment,
provisions, nothing is for free.
But the Band of the Hawk will
grow much larger nevertheless...
And I must help my army grow.
That's why I need
such immense war funds.
And that old man is interested in
me, while I am interested in his fortune.
Our interests have
come to an agreement.
No, even so, no way...
Why can't things stay as they are?
If we're able to keep on winning, we
could earn all the money you need one day.
That would take a
tremendous amount of time, and...
The more we fight in
battles, the more we lose soldiers.
You mean that boy, don't you?
No, I don't.
I came to this conclusion rationally.
Which brings less risk to me, losing
hundreds of my soldiers in ten battles...
...or snaring a rich old man?
Listen, Caska.
I feel no responsibility to comrades
who've lost their lives due to my commands.
Because, they chose
to fight in each battle...
Griffith?
Just as I chose this...
But, if there is something that...
...I can do for them...
...something I can do for the dead...
I must fight to win!
I must keep on winning to attain
my dream, a dream they clung to...
...and risked their lives for!
Griffith, stop it!
I can't just step over the bones
of the dead in order to realize my dream.
It is a blood-smeared dream, after all.
I don't regret or feel guilty about it.
But my dream will never come to
fruition unless I'm willing to get myself dirty.
And if I don't, then I'll
be risking all those lives...
Stop it.
Stop doing it.
It's all right.
It's nothing.
Griffith had already recovered himself
by the time he put his hand on my shoulder.
And it made me very sad.
Most people have
abandoned their dreams long ago...
...but Griffith is still trying to realize his.
However, he has been forced to...
...put something immeasurable
on his shoulders, because of...
...his dream's immensity and purity.
One who intends to make such a dream
reality inevitably endures terrible things.
He is not innately strong.
But now, he has
to be stronger than ever.
I want to stand by him.
If he dedicates
himself entirely to his dream...
If he has to fight to create his dream...
I want to be a sword for him.
I want to stand by him.
I want to be something important,
that will help him fulfill his dream.
Once, I believed that
my wish would be granted.
But then came the
time when you appeared before us.
Do you remember what
Griffith said to you on the hill that day?
I want you to join us, Guts!
Those words...
He had never said
such kind words to anyone.
I was very annoyed about it.
I was envious of you,
because Griffith said that about you...
...as if it were nothing.
I tried to convince myself...
...Griffith only needed you as a soldier,
one who would strengthen the Hawks...
However, a calm man like Griffith acts
impulsively when something happens to you.
It is as if...
...as if...
Griffith has faith in you,
but you don't understand...
...what the
consequences of that could be!
I cannot forget the fact that your
selfishness exposed Griffith to lethal danger!
I don't care if you drop
dead somewhere in battle!
But, I will never forgive you if
you ruin the Hawks, Griffith's dream!
And I can't forgive you for
making Griffith change like he has...
Why?
Why did he choose you?
Why you?
W-What are you doing?
Shush!
Hey listen, I think
they're probably dead by now.
Think about how
they fell from the cliff...
It doesn't matter
whether they are alive or not.
Sir Adon promised us
that he will pay the reward...
Because it's the leader of the Hawk's
Raiders and that female commander.
Why don't we look
around downstream from here?
The bodies may have
drifted because of the current.
Listen.
Take this medicine to lower your fever.
We have no time to rest anymore.
We're going as soon as it gets dark.
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
To wield a sword is the proof of life...
Dreams are spun and desire piles up.
But something pure is being lost.
One who wields a sword for another.
One who wields a
sword only for one's self.
In the end, what awaits them?
In the end, is there such thing as joy?
Prepared for Death
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm